Docs for ES|QL history size and search (#3239)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/query-filter/languages/esql-kibana.md

### Query history [esql-kibana-query-history]

You can reuse your recent {{esql}} queries in the query bar. In the query bar, select **Show recent queries**.

You can then: 
- scroll through your most recent queries
- {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2` search for specific queries of your history

:::{image} /explore-analyze/images/esql-history.gif
:alt: esql discover query history
:width: 75%
:::

:::{note}
The maximum number of queries in the history depends on the version you're using:
- {applies_to}`serverless: ga` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2` The query history can keep up to 50 KB of queries, which represents about 200 large queries, or about 300 short queries.

> - {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0` The query history keeps up to 20 queries.

Author: ```suggestion
- {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.0` The query history keeps your 20 most recent queries.
```
